this is buff around tree outdoors and
this is just the next day folks that
jacket whether it was mid eighties
yesterday it is in the mid 50s today and
Misty Rain this is way for Bubba
Roundtree outdoors my daughter Rachel
we're going to be doing some turkey hunt
on real soon but Rachel watched this
video last night
what's that and she said there's no way
she's gonna shoot that big 12-gauge with
those 3-inch magnums better spinning
Josh around a chair like that so we got
the 20 gauge mom's burg 500c out here
with some three inch Magnum number fours
two number Five's we're gonna show you
how they work for turkeys guys stand by
okay guys Rachel is dead dog serious
about taking some turkeys this year
she's great shiny but she didn't want to
get her face pull off with those
three-inch 12-gauge so we're going to
show you what 20 gauge will do here with
turkeys and we're at 50 meters
Brad 250
50 meters slide here on the rush family
range
I'm gonna shoot two shots through the
Mossberg 500 we have the true blue super
full Turkey v a5 a4 of constriction and
here comes they dia
hang on
that's actually the medical helicopter
heading toward the interstate on a
Friday evening with bad weather that is
never a good sign
back to it put on a shoe we got the 20
gauge Remington nitro ounce and a
quarter number five shot advertised at
1185 complete four seconds and then the
double is 20 gauge three-inch both over
each mags bounce in 1/16 of multiple
shot advertised to 1200 foot per second
and we are like I said we are shooting
at 50 meters and we're going to see what
it does it is turkey target here doused
and pop-up shots
we're going to shoot the Remington Nitro
folks and then the double edged side
shot
we forgot the earplugs guys with the 20
gauge isn't there's a terrible all right
just hot you see the red spot you ready
to keep going
excellent coverage again guys
I'm also Remington Nitro
we got pellet 1-2-3 here in the head
more here in the spine and the kills on
more even down low but look at the
coverage on the target excellent even
out 250 meters with the 20 gauge I'm
going to shoot the Winchester let's see
what was that shot size and the
Remington honey
the Remington was number four number
five shot number five shot and then the
Winchester is number four shot standby
for a shot
that thing's got a sweet trigger on
again you got Wow there's no guys the
number falls flat delivered to smack Oh
Ruth look at that look at that wine
right here in the center of the net
there is one two three four actually in
the skull and then here in the center of
the neck one two three four five six
seven eight nine holy cow nine number
Photoshop right there look at all them
holes and then there and look at that
coverage torna gauge is gonna be very
effective with both the Remington Nitro
and the winchester super X even how to
50 meters and beyond
yet Winchester's advertiser take them
out the 60 I think it'll do it
no doubt
well there you have it guys we are still
100% with the turkey testing even down
to little 20-gauge this is Bubba
Roundtree outdoors I'm your host weigh
brush along with my daughter Rachel with
the 20 gauge test and that's a wrap guys
we'll be back for some turkey videos
here soon bye bye
you